update references to 3.1.0 (#183)
OAI/Documentation: specification/servers.md

```

> **NOTE**:
> The `default` variable value works differently than the default [Schema Object](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest#schema-object) value used in other parts of the OpenAPI Specification. The latter is optional, meaning that if a [Schema Object](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest#schema-object) value is not provided it should be assumed to be the default value. On the other hand, server variables **must always be provided**.

## Summary

This page has shown that:

- Server lists can be provided through the `servers` array.

> - This array is present at different levels ([OpenAPI Object](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest#oasServers), [Path Item Object](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest#pathItemServers) and  [Operation Object](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest#operationServers)) and only the innermost one is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This array is present at different levels ([OpenAPI Object](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest#oas-servers), [Path Item Object](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest#path-item-servers) and  [Operation Object](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest#operation-servers)) and only the innermost one is used.
```
